Printer
Introduction
In computing, a printer is a peripheral machine which makes a durable representation of graphics or text, usually on paper. 
While most output is human-readable, bar code printers are an example of an expanded use for printers. 
Different types of printers include 3D printers, inkjet printers, laser printers, and thermal printers.
History
The first computer printer designed was a mechanically driven apparatus by Charles Babbage for his difference engine in the 19th century; however, 
his mechanical printer design was not built until 2000.
The first patented printing mechanism for applying a marking medium to a recording medium or more particularly an electrostatic inking apparatus and a 
method for electrostatically depositing ink on controlled areas of a receiving medium, was in 1962 by C. R. Winston, Teletype Corporation, using continuous inkjet printing. 
The ink was a red stamp-pad ink manufactured by Phillips Process Company of Rochester, NY under the name Clear Print. This patent (US3060429) led to the Teletype Inktronic 
Printer product delivered to customers in late 1966.
The first compact, lightweight digital printer was the EP-101, invented by Japanese company Epson and released in 1968, according to Epson.
Types
Personal printer
Personal printers are mainly designed to support individual users, and may be connected to only a single computer. 
These printers are designed for low-volume, short-turnaround print jobs, requiring minimal setup time to produce a hard copy of a given document. 
They are generally slow devices ranging from 6 to around 25 pages per minute (ppm), and the cost per page is relatively high. 
However, this is offset by the on-demand convenience. Some printers can print documents stored on memory cards or from digital cameras and scanners.
Networked printer
Networked or shared printers are "designed for high-volume, high-speed printing". 
They are usually shared by many users on a network and can print at speeds of 45 to around 100 ppm. The Xerox 9700 could achieve 120 ppm. 
An ID Card printer is used for printing plastic ID cards. These can now be customised with important features such as holographic overlays, HoloKotes and watermarks.
This is either a direct to card printer (the more feasible option) or a retransfer printer.
Virtual printer
A virtual printer is a piece of computer software whose user interface and API resembles that of a printer driver, but which is not connected with a physical computer printer. 
A virtual printer can be used to create a file which is an image of the data which would be printed, for archival purposes or as input to another program, 
for example to create a PDF or to transmit to another system or user.
Barcode printer
A barcode printer is a computer peripheral for printing barcode labels or tags that can be attached to, or printed directly on, physical objects. 
Barcode printers are commonly used to label cartons before shipment, or to label retail items with UPCs or EANs.
3D printer
A 3D printer is a device for making a three-dimensional object from a 3D model or other electronic data source through additive processes in which successive layers of material
(including plastics, metals, food, cement, wood, and other materials) are laid down under computer control. 
It is called a printer by analogy with an inkjet printer which produces a two-dimensional document by a similar process of depositing a layer of ink on paper.

https://www.alza.cz/3d-tiskarny/18854773.htm